# GPP Attack Overview

### WHAT IS GPP?
- GPP (Group Policy Preferences) credentials were a feature in older versions of Microsoft Windows Group Policy.
- In simple words, Group Policy Preferences (GPP) allows administrators to create domain policies with embedded credentials.
- These credentials are stored locally stored on the computers.

### WHY GPP IS USED??
GPP credentials were used to make it easier for users to access shared files and services on a network without typing their usernames and passwords each time.<br>
It automated the login process, so that users didn't have to remember and enter their credentials repeatedly.
 
### WHY GPP IS VULNERABLE?

When GPP is configured, an XML document called `GROUPS.xml` is created on the domain controller under the `SYSVOL` folder. These XML document contains the user information and password.<br>
Since this is on `SYSVOL` share in domain controller, all domain users can access the folder and look at the encrypted credentials.

For protection Microsoft encrypts the password using AES before it is stored as `cPassword`. But they accidentally leaked or exposed the decryption key. Now anyone with the encrypted credentials can use this decryption key to retrieve the plain text password out.

### SCENARIOS TO ACCESS CPASSWORD:

1. If you manage to gain a valid low privileged domain user shell, then we can just search for `SYSVOL` folder and access `GROUPS.xml` file to get the `cPassword` 

2. If you don't have any user shell, then you scan the machine for open ports and  if Port 445 is open, then we can attempt to access SMB file shares anonymously.

