# LLMNR Poisoning Overview

LLMNR stands for Link Local Multicast Name Resolution. The primary usage of LLMNR is to identify and resolve hosts when DNS fails to do so. 
LLMNR was previously known as NBT-NS.

A major flaw in LLMNR is that when made a proper request, it responds with the users username and NTLMv2 password Hash of that user when properly responded to. 
So these hashes are critical because an attacker can use these to login to the system through Pass the Hash or crack it using tools like hashcat. 

## ATTACK METHODOLOGY

LLMNR Poisoning is typically a Man in the Middle attack where the attacker sits in the middle and responds to the LLMNR requests.
As told before LLMNR is used if DNS fails to resolve something.
1. The attacker sits in the middle
2. When the VICTIM makes a DNS request to the server to resolve something and DNS fails to resolve, LLMNR is the next choice.
3. When there is no response from DNS, Now the VICTIM broadcasts LLMNR request to every other system on the network.
4. The attacker responds to this request using a tool like "Responder" and the LLMNR in the victim system will send a response containing the victim's USERNAME and NTLMv2 HASH.

## POTENTIAL IMPLICATIONS

A Successful LLMNR Poisoning attack will result in leaking username and NTLMv2 password hash of the users on the domain. 
If an attacker has this information he can either login to the other systems using techniques like Pass the Hash or they can crack the hash and obtain the cleartext credentials.





