# Token Impersonation Attack Overview

### WHAT ARE TOKENS?
Tokens can be defined as a temporary key or a value that provides access to a system or a network without needing to provide our credentials all the time we access the system.
<br>
For example, if we have a normal user system (BATMAN) on the network and if an ADMINISTRATOR user logs in to that system to perform some task, that system will store a temporary token on it.<br>
This tokens remains in the system until the it reboots.
<br>
There are two types of tokens:
1. **DELEGATE Tokens :** are created when users interactively login into a system using their credentials, physically or remotely via RDP.
2. **IMPERSONATE Tokens** : created when users non-interactively login into a system, like accessing a shared drive on the network.

### HOW THIS ATTACK WORKS?

To perform this attack we use a Metasploit module called `incognito` <br>
So if we compromise a system (BATMAN) and we have shell access to the it. We can use a command to list all the available tokens stored in it using the incognito module.
<br>
Now if an ADMINISTRATOR was logged into that system and it is not rebooted yet then it will have a token of ADMINISTRATOR User.
<br>
We can use #incognito and list all the available tokens on that system. If an ADMIN Token is present then we can use that token to impersonate ADMINISTRATOR and get an ADMIN shell back.
This ADMIN shell can be used to access the systems and dump all the sensitive hashes like KRBTGT hashes etc..  
