# URL File Attack Overview
### WHAT IS A URL FILE?
- A URL file, also known as a "Internet Shortcut" is a simple text file that contains the web address (URL) of a website or web resource.
- It makes it easier to access specific websites without typing the complete URL again every time.
- When you create a URL file, it typically has a "`.url`" extension

### HOW CAN WE EXPLOIT THIS?

- In most organizations, they have a common file share through which the employees can share the resources.
- Imagine we have compromised a domain user (BATMAN) who have access to these File Shares on the domain.
- Since we have the compromised user shell, we can use it to create a malicious URL file with and specially craft it so that it forces the user to request an icon from the ATTACKERS machine. 
- Once our FAKE URL file is placed onto the FILE SHARE FOLDER. We can set up a listener using a tool called `responder` which actively listens for an event to occur on the target domain.
- In our case, an event can be occurred when a user loads that URL file, it forces to request icon, The act of initiating a connection to the attackers machine triggers the `responder` and it will capture the hash.
- Since it is an ICON file, it automatically loads. This means that the users need not interactively click and open the URL file. If they just open the folder on the SHARE  where URL file is located, it automatically loads the file and triggers an event.
- In this case, the `responder` tool will capture all the hashes of those users who access the SHARE FOLDER where our FAKE URL file is located.

### IMPORTANT POINTS TO NOTE:

1. We choose the filename in such a way that it appears on the top of the file share. For this make sure that the file name must begin with **either a “@” symbol or a “~” symbol** 
2. The file should be saved with a `.url` extension



